# access specifier
Access specifiers or access modifiers in python programming are used to limit the access of class variables and class methods outside of class while implementing the concepts of inheritance.

### Types of access specifiers
- Public access modifier
- Private access modifier
- Protected access modifier

## public access specifier 
All the variables and methods (member functions) in python are by default public. Any instance variable in a class followed by the ‘self’ keyword ie. self.var_name are public accessed.

``` python
class Student:
    # constructor is defined
    def __init__(self, age, name):
        self.age = age               # public variable
        self.name = name             # public variable

obj = Student(21,"Harry")
print(obj.age)
print(obj.name)
```

## Private access speifier
In Python, there is no strict concept of "private" access modifiers like in some other programming languages. However, a convention has been established to indicate that a variable or method should be considered private by prefixing its name with a double underscore (__). This is known as a "weak internal use indicator" and it is a convention only, not a strict rule. Code outside the class can still access these "private" variables and methods, but it is generally understood that they should not be accessed or modified.

Private members of a class cannot be accessed or inherited outside of class. If we try to access or to inherit the properties of private members to child class (derived class). Then it will show the error. but it can be access using name mangling 

# name mangling
Name mangling in Python is a technique used to protect class-private and superclass-private attributes from being accidentally overwritten by subclasses. Names of class-private and superclass-private attributes are transformed by the addition of a single leading underscore and a double leading underscore respectively. ex - my_object._MyClass__mangled_attribute

``` python
class MyClass:
    def __init__(self):
        self._nonmangled_attribute = "I am a nonmangled attribute"
        self.__mangled_attribute = "I am a mangled attribute"

my_object = MyClass()

print(my_object._nonmangled_attribute) # Output: I am a nonmangled attribute
print(my_object.__mangled_attribute) # Throws an AttributeError
print(my_object._MyClass__mangled_attribute) # Output: I am a mangled attribute
```

## Protected Access specifier
In object-oriented programming (OOP), the term "protected" is used to describe a member (i.e., a method or attribute) of a class that is intended to be accessed only by the class itself and its subclasses. In Python, the convention for indicating that a member is protected is to prefix its name with a single underscore (_). For example, if a class has a method called _my_method

``` python
class Student:
    def __init__(self):
        self._name = "Harry"

    def _funName(self):      # protected method
        return "CodeWithHarry"

class Subject(Student):       #inherited class
    pass

obj = Student()
obj1 = Subject()

# calling by object of Student class
print(obj._name)      
print(obj._funName())     
# calling by object of Subject class
print(obj1._name)    
print(obj1._funName())
```
